New readme for Nomic client (#226)
nomic-ai/nomic: README.md

<p align="center">

>       <img src="./assets/NOMIC_x2.png" alt="Nomic Logo" style="width: 40%; max-height: 160px; width: auto">

Reviewer: Do not use the green logo, use a black one.

Author: Vincent has pointed out to not use the black logo with white or transparent background because of Github dark mode.

Reviewer: lets drop the logo altogether

>       <img src="./assets/example_map.png" alt="Atlas Map example" style="width: 33%; max-height: 160px; width: auto">

Reviewer: This image is way to big.

</p>

> <h1 align="center">Atlas by Nomic AI</h1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h1 align="center">Nomic Atlas Python Client</h1>
```

<h3 align="center">Explore, label, search and share massive datasets in your web browser.</h3>

> <p>Nomic is a Python package for working with Atlas (<a href="https://atlas.nomic.ai/">https://atlas.nomic.ai/</a>), the world’s most powerful unstructured data visualization tool. Atlas supports datasets from hundreds to tens of millions of points, and supports modalities ranging from text to image to audio to video. Atlas provides an easy-to-use pipeline that automatically generates vector embeddings for your data, projects your data into an intuitive map, and allows you to smoothly explore and manipulate your data at scale. </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>This repository contains Python bindings for working with [Nomic Atlas][https://atlas.nomic.ai/], the world’s most powerful unstructured data interaction platform. Atlas supports datasets from hundreds to tens of millions of points, and supports data modalities ranging from text to image to audio to video. </p>
With Nomic Atlas, you can:
- Generate, store and retrieve embeddings for your unstructured data.
- Find insights in your unstructured data and embeddings all from your web browser.
- Share and present your datasets and data findings to anyone.
```

projected_embeddings = map.embeddings.projected
latent_embeddings = map.embeddings.latent
```

```python
print(projected_embeddings)

# Response:
id 	x 	y
0 	9.815330 	-8.105308
1 	-8.725819 	5.980628
2 	13.199472 	-1.103389
... 	... 	... 	...

print(latent_embeddings)
```

```
# Response:
n x d numpy.ndarray where n = number of datapoints and d = number of latent dimensions
```

### View your data’s topic model

Atlas automatically organizes your data into topics informed by the latent contents of your embeddings. Visually, these are represented by regions of homogenous color on an Atlas map.

You can access and operate on topics programmatically by using the `topics` attribute
of an AtlasMap.

```python
# Access your Atlas map
map = project.maps[0]

# Access a pandas dataframe associating each datum on your map to their topics at each topic depth.
topic_df = map.topics.df

print(map.topics.df)

```

```
Response:

id topic_depth_1 topic_depth_2
0 Oil Prices mergers and acquisitions
1 Iraq War Trial of Thatcher
2 Oil Prices Economic Growth
... ... ... ...
9997 Oil Prices Economic Growth
9998 Baseball Giambi's contract
9999 Olympic Gold Medal European Football

```

> ### Search for nearest neighbors

Reviewer: Search your data semantically
